Add redirect to renamed page (#869)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/config-catalog-integration-control-plane.md

## Single Sign-On

!!! note

> 	-	Upgrade Micro Integrator Dashboard to version 4.0.1 or above or Integration Control Plane 1.0.0 or above to enable this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	-	To enable this feature, upgrade the Micro Integrator Dashboard to version 4.0.1 or higher, or the Integration Control Plane to version 1.0.0 or higher.
```
